>> Hi, I'm Sophie from
the House of Wellbeing.
In our self-improvement guided
meditation and hypnotherapy
series, you'll find seven audios
to help you accept yourself
for who you are, to improve
your self-esteem and confidence,
as well as guide you to
having much more patience,
to be kinder to
yourself and others,
and to feel much
happier overall.
All of our audios are slightly
different to just meditation
alone because we use powerful
therapeutic tools, including
cognitive behavioral therapy,
neurolinguistic therapy,
visualization, and, of
course, hypnotherapy.
And it's that
combination that makes
our audio so powerful and
hugely effective at helping
you to make those changes
to your unwanted beliefs,
behaviors, old habits, and
negative thinking patterns.
When you listen to
our audios, you'll
be put into a deep
state of relaxation.
And it's a really
familiar state to you.
It's a stage of
relaxation you fall
into just as you fall asleep
and just as you wake up.
So it's a really natural
feeling and it's very safe.
When you're in
that relaxed state,
you're in the theta
brainwave state.
And that allows us to
bypass your conscious mind
and talk instead directly
to your subconscious mind.
And the reason we want to get
to your subconscious mind,
is because that's where all your
permanent beliefs, your habits,
your memories live.
So by talking directly to
your subconscious mind,
we're then able to retrain,
reframe, and rewire
your mind, meaning we can
then help you to eliminate
any unwanted fears,
or behaviors,
phobias, negative thinking
patterns, or limiting beliefs,
and instead replace them
with new positive empowering
suggestions, resulting in
powerful long lasting changes.
We recommend that you
listen to our audios
at least four times
so you can really
override those old
beliefs, and instead
compound the positive messaging
and help your mind to create
new neural positive pathways.
And you'll soon see the changes
in the way you think and feel
about an issue.
We suggest you
follow your instincts
and listen to the audios
as often or as little
as you want to.
You can listen to our audios at
any time of the day or night,
but we suggest you listen
to them when you're not
too tired because if you
fall into a deep sleep,
then your subconscious
mind just isn't listening.
But if you get into
the end of the audio,
and you open your
eyes when I ask you
to but you don't
remember what I said,
then that's absolutely fine.
Your subconscious mind
has been listening.
It will have just taken and
all of that positive messaging.
So, please, make sure
you listen to our audios
when you're free from any
distractions or interruptions.
And, please, don't
listen to them
when you're actively
doing something,
like driving or
operating machinery.
If there's an
emergency and you need
to come out of hypnosis
before we awaken you,
then that's absolutely fine.
Your subconscious
mind will awaken you
and you'll come out
of hypnosis easily.
It'll just be like waking up
from a nap or from a sleep.
So for now, please, click
on any of the audios you
want to listen to in the series.
Find a comfortable
position where
you can really relax and let
go, maybe a bed or a chair.
And then, close
your eyes to begin.